+++
categories = ["life"]
date = 2009-07-25T17:06:00-07:00
tags = ["bellevue", "embarrassing", "exercise", "gym", "shorts", "stories", "trainer"]
title = "Snug"
+++

About a month ago, I participated in six sessions with a personal trainer at a gym in Bellevue. It had been a long time since I had seriously exercised, and so I had didn't have good running shoes or workout clothes. My trainer recommended I go to an athletic store in the Green Lake neighborhood to get some shoes. I found some great ones there, and while I was there I decided to look for some new exercise shorts.

I didn't like the shorts I currently had because they were too loose, and would fall embarrassingly low when I would do leg exercises lying on my back. Think of it as the equivalent of a sidewalk vent blowing a woman's skirt up. Although it probably looks better for the woman than it does for me. So I perused the shorts they had on display and found a pair that looked good to me. I tried them on in the dressing booth, and they seemed to fit a little snug, but otherwise looked fine. I had noticed that the shorts my trainer wore had a second, inner layer that clung closely to his legs and wouldn't move at any angle, and these shorts seemed to have the same kind of layer. I bought them and wore them for my next training session.

Again, they felt a little snug&mdash;too snug. I got through the workout fine, but afterward, when I was taking them off, I looked closer, and noticed the inner layer closely resembled the shape of a bikini bottom. It dawned on me then that I had bought women's shorts, which explained why they had been so snug. Fortunately, this revelation occurred in private, and for all I know, neither my trainer, nor anyone else, had noticed.

What's strange is that since that time, I've dreamed about those women's shorts twice. I don't remember what the dreams were about. I'm sure I wasn't wearing them. They were just there, as unimportant things encountered, and then discarded. I wonder whether I'll dream about them again, and what it will be about.
