---
date: "2011-10-30T08:01:19+00:00"
draft: false
tags: ["travel", "south korea", "jeju"]
title: "South Korea: Thighs of steel, part 2"
---
*For Thursday, October 20, 2011* **Jeju City** I woke up at 6 a.m. (unbelievable, I know!) and rode the 8 a.m. bus to Hallasan, about a half hour south of Jeju City. At the [Seongpanak](http://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls;=en&q;=Jeju+Folk+Village+Museum&oe;=UTF-8&um;=1&ie;=UTF-8&hl;=en&tbm;=isch&source;=og&sa;=N&tab;=wi&biw;=1366&bih;=690&sei;=%20gfqsTsyWBZGbmQXIt5HRDg#um=1&hl;=en&client;=safari&rls;=en&tbm;=isch&sa;=1&q;=Seongpanak&oq;=Seongpanak&aq;=f&aqi;=g-S2&aql;=1&gs;_sm=e&gs;_upl=380428l380428l0l380624l1l1l0l0l0l0l153l153l0.1l1l0&bav;=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.,cf.osb&fp;=e85638aef1ce869b&biw;=1366&bih;=690) trailhead bus stop, there were dozens of tour buses and hundreds of hikers packed together into their respective tour groups. They were staging a swarm of the trail that I was going to take, and I was going to get stuck behind them all. I hurried around the loud masses and hit the trail, hoping to overtake the leaders so I could have some peace and quiet while I hiked. There were still many people ahead of me, most of them going slower than me, so I had to dodge and weave and leap and jog to pass them by. Unfortunately, the other hikers didn't seem to be any consideration for faster hikers, so it made the going harder. The trail was the riverbed-rocky-staircase type that I had seen before on Bukhansan in Seoul, which doubled the difficulty. The pointy rocks would twist my ankles and cause a lot of friction on my toes inside my shoes. I took an offshoot trail to get a view of some crater or lake or something, but it was too cloudy to see anything at the lookout point, so I turned around and returned to the main trail. I ran into Mogar, David, and a couple of their friends whom I had met the night before at my hostel. I advised them to skip the lookout point, and we all headed up the main trail. They were much faster than me, so I quickly lost sight of them. I reached a rest station 3/4 up the mountain side, where they turn away hikers after 12:30 p.m. I ate a lunch of soup and noodles and encountered my first squat toilet. Fortunately, I only had to partially use that facility, so I put off any real toilet difficulty for another day. I continued on from the rest station and reached the summit, where there's a large area for people to sit or stand to rest and observe the crater. Apparently the crater sometimes has a lake or pond in it, but it was mostly dried up then. Another hiker named Allan complimented my [Platypus water bottle](http://www.google.com/search?pq=platypus&hl;=en&sugexp;=kjrmc&cp;=10&gs;_id=8&xhr;=t&q;=platypus+bottle&qe;=UGxhdHlwdXMgYg&qesig;=cDNRo4fD_TFXDLZ0tzquwQ&pkc;=AFgZ2tmMedTtuwGTNGJZZrbtuLtZgsCuuQ47lRbc90icypr4Ua7Vc_oQ6xN3vv86ipdtDQwPR-I-8V0QqUHI_5QW_jWCOb_Ycw&client;=safari&rls;=en&gs;_sm=&gs;_upl=&bav;=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.,cf.osb&biw;=1366&bih;=690&um;=1&ie;=UTF-8&tbm;=isch&source;=og&sa;=N&tab;=wi), and we chatted on the way down the [Gwaneumsa trail](http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&client;=safari&rls;=en&q;=Gwaneumsa+trail&gs;_sm=e&gs;_upl=4486l5137l0l5393l6l3l0l3l3l0l122l305l1.2l5l0&bav;=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.,cf.osb&biw;=1366&bih;=690&um;=1&ie;=UTF-8&tbm;=isch&source;=og&sa;=N&tab;=wi#um=1&hl;=en&client;=safari&rls;=en&tbm;=isch&sa;=1&q;=Gwaneumsa+trail+hallasan&pbx;=1&oq;=Gwaneumsa+trail+hallasan&aq;=f&aqi;=&aql;=1&gs;_sm=e&gs;_upl=15694l17061l0l17281l9l9l0l8l0l0l75l75l1l1l0&bav;=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.,cf.osb&fp;=e85638aef1ce869b&biw;=1366&bih;=690) on another face of the mountain. Allan, from Switzerland, had been traveling abroad for nine out of twelve months every year for the past ten years, writing and photographing to support himself while traveling. I enjoyed hearing about his experiences in some of the places I would be visiting. Along part of the trail ran what looked to be a river with several caves along it. We ran into Mogar et al. at a rest stop near one of these caves. A sign there explained that ancient Koreans used to store ice in those caves. The river bed was dry, so all of us hopped the fence and entered the cave, which turned out to be a lava tube with many openings in the ceiling and walls. We explored it for about a half hour and took some amazing photos and spotted a few bats hibernating. We returned to the trail and Mogar et al. sped off down the trail ahead of Allan and me. At the trailhead, Allan hitched a ride to Seogwipo in the south with a tour bus going that way, and I ran into Mogar et al. at a 7-11, and together we walked forty-five minutes to the main road and rode the bus back to our hostel. My legs were *killing* me. I showered, rested, and then met Mogar et al. for dinner in the common room, and we walked to a nearby Vietnamese restaurant. I ordered the pineapple friend rice dish, which was just okay. We returned to the hostel, and I gave Mogar my and Allan's email addresses. I made a reservation for a hostel in Busan and then went to bed. Interestingly, David, who was from England, pronounced DMZ as *dee em zed*. I knew that the English pronounce *z* as *zed*, but I hadn't heard DMZ said that way before.

