+++
date = 2012-02-06T06:36:31-08:00
tags = ["ko phi phi", "ko phuket", "thailand", "travel"]
title = "Thursday, January 26, 2012"
+++

Rode a minibus to a nearby pier and boarded a ferry bound for Ko Phi Phi. Was a little worried about my pack &mdash; as I usually am &mdash; after I stowed it on the deck like everyone else, but it was soon buried under a bunch of packs. Safety in numbers. Got off the boat without trouble a couple hours later. Wandered the streets of Tonsai Village for over an hour in the burning sun, sweat running down to my chin and in my eyes, looking for a dorm bed somewhere. The first three or four places I went to were full. I found a hotel room for 800 baht, but wasn't ready to pay that just yet. I made another round of the streets and managed to find a dorm I had missed before and got a bed there for 300 baht. I wouldn't call it a hostel; it was just a tattoo parlor with a dorm and showers attached. The dorm was open to the air, no air con, several fans, "mattresses" were hard as boards, and my torso was covered in small, red bites by the end. Showers were challenging. But it was cheap. Laid down my stuff, cooled off in a 7-11, then ate lunch. Returned to the dorm, changed into my swimsuit, and hung out at the nearby beach for a couple hours reading a book until the light faded. The tide was low and the water had gross bits floating in it. Booked a boat tour of the Ko Phi Phi islands. Bought a few Chang beers and wandered around town and up and down the beach watching the fire dancers and fire breathers. Called it an early night.
