---
date: '2017-07-02T06:57:03+00:00'
draft: false
tags: null
title: Endymion
---

From chapter 59 of *Endymion* by Dan Simmons:

>I once said to you that you were reading this for the wrong reason. What I should have said was that I was writing this for the wrong reason.
>
>I have filled these seamless days and nights and smooth pages of microvellum with memories of Aenea, of Aenea as a child, with not one word of her life as the messiah whom you must know and perhaps whom you mistakenly worship. But I have not written these pages for you, I discover, nor have I written them for myself. I have brought Aenea the child alive in my writing because I want Aenea the woman to be alive—despite logic, despite fact, despite all loss of hope.
>
>Each morning—each self-programmed brightening of the lights, I should say—I awaken in this three-by-six meter Schrodinger cat box and find myself amazed to be alive. There has been no scent of bitter almonds in the night.
>
>Each morning I fight despair and terror by writing these memories on my text slate, stacking the microvellum pages as they accumulate. But the recycler in this little world is limited; it can produce only a dozen or so pages at a time. So as I finish each dozen or so pages of memory, I feed the oldest pages into the recycler to have them come out fresh and empty so as to have new pages upon which to write. It is the snake swallowing its own tail. It is insanity. Or the absolute essence of sanity.
>
>It is possible that the chip in the text slate has the full memory of what I have written here…what I shall write in the coming days if fate grants me those days…but the truth is, I do not really care. Only the dozen pages of microvellum are of interest to me each day—pristine, empty pages in the morning, crowded, ink-splashed pages filled with my small and spidery script each evening.
>
>Aenea comes alive for me then.

I love the "Aenea comes alive for me then" part. So great.
