+++
date = "2016-06-24T16:27:58+00:00"
draft = false
tags = ["gaming", "games", "nintendo", "nx", "microsoft", "xbox", "xbox one", "ign", "vr", "virtual reality", "teraflops"]
title = "Link post"
+++
http://www.ign.com/articles/2016/06/16/e3-2016-nintendo-boss-on-nx-for-us-its-not-about-specs

Alex Osborn, writing for IGN: >When asked how Nintendo NX will stack up against Sony and Microsoft's forthcoming hardware revisions—namely PlayStation 4 NEO and Xbox One Scorpio—Fils-Aime told Bloomberg (via Nibel): "For us, it's not about specs, it's not about teraflops, it's not about the horsepower of a particular system. For us, it's about the content." In other words, not good. I stopped expecting good hardware from Nintendo a long time ago. It's still just as disappointing to hear, however. If "it's not about teraflops", then I guess they're not going to make VR games, since one of the reasons Microsoft is making the Xbox One Scorpio is because [VR game developers told them they need six teraflops to make good VR games](http://www.ign.com/articles/2016/06/15/e3-2016-xbox-boss-talks-vr-scorpio-specs-and-console-upgrade-cycle): >"When we went out and talked to VR developers, the capability and the hardware spec that they need to deliver a console-like experience to VR was a requirement of 6 teraflops, which clearly, today’s consoles—PlayStation 4 and Xbox One—don’t have," he said, suggesting the current PS4 isn't well suited for VR. Ugh. Nintendo, just stop making consoles and put your games on PlayStation and Xbox already. Fine, make gimmicky controllers if you want to, but you don't need your own console to do that.
